bullet holes through the back window of
a vehicle clearly marked United Nations
the driver of the vehicle and
international un worker for the
Department of Safety and Security was
killed and another one was injured while
riding in a convoy headed to the
European Hospital in Rafa while 190 un
staff have been killed in Gaza in the
past 7 months it was the first time an
international staffer and not
Palestinian was killed the Secretary
General condemns all attacks on un
personnel and calls for a full
investigation he sends his condolences
to the family of the Fallen staff
member with the conflict in Gaza
continuing to take a heavy toll not only
on civilians but also on humanitarian
workers the Secretary General reiterates
his urgent appeal for an immediate
humanitarian ceasefire and for the
release of all hostages is it fair to
characterize this as an attack yes
the head of the UN relief and works
Agency for Palestinian refugees posted
on the social platform X No One Is Safe
in Gaza including Aid workers our teams
in Gaza are grieving the loss of their
friends and colleagues Aid workers and
un staff are not and never should be a
Target the Secretary General has called
for an investigation into all of the
killings of every un staffer in Gaza the
last seven months he's also called for
an investigation into the mass Graves
that were recently discovered as well
but in order for there to be an
independent inquiry it requires access
for the investigators to get to the
locations where the crimes took place
and Israel controls access in and out of
Gaza so far Israel has failed to
cooperate Gabriel oando Al jazer at the
United Nations in New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer